Develop (#4)
SHTbIK37/fetch: readme.md

> In this program, I practiced using fetch using the SpaceX API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this program, I practiced using fetch using the [SpaceX API](https://docs.spacexdata.com/#5fc4c846-c373-43df-a10a-e9faf80a8b0a).
```

Reviewer 2: done

> In this program, I practiced using fetch using the SpaceX API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# SpaceX - Fetch API

In this program, I practiced using fetch using the SpaceX API.
```

Reviewer 2: done

From the very beginning, a page appears in which the sorting goes by flight id.
When you click on the mission name, you can change the sorting to alphabetical, first A-Z (down arrow), or Z-A (up arrow).

> Also scroll through the pages with the results by pressing the back buttons and forward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, you can navigate through the results by pressing the back or forward buttons.
```

Reviewer 2: done
